---
title: "Standup"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - meeting
  - sprint 6
  - standup
---

**Date:** September 9, 2025
<!--more-->
**Attendees:** Diana Williams Oshun, Christian Michael Lagura Yacapin
<!--more-->

Christian's Update: Is currently working on the Component Diagram, which is nearing completion. Diana briefly reviewed it and approved the direction.
<!--more-->
Diana's Update: Is working on the Functional Requirements section. Christian reviewed the initial draft.

<!--more-->
Christian briefly reviewed the functional requirements, one of the requirements were discussed in detail

-Basic Smart Mirror Functions - this functional requirement was initially written in a fashion that the smart mirror functions weather and calendar are necessary to be accessible before the outfit generations could take place. A point was made that the title of the functional requirement implies that it was the front end of the mirror rather than the back end capabilities of the weather and calendar. The front end is not necessary to be able to generate outfits as such it was decided to change the name of the functional requirements to center around the weather and calendar functions rather than basic smart mirror functions.

-Similarly another point was discussed and that was whether or not the outfit generations are dependent on external factors like the weather or calendar events. While technically the mirror wouldn't need access to the weather or calendar to generate outfits, we solidified that for our business model for Mimir we wanted to assist the user is choosing daily outfits without having to worry about external factors, as such we concluded that weather is a necessary component when generating outfits while calendar events aren't. 
